BACK
	No. 82
	"The Spirit of Game"
	R1 (Hold): Grab and Go
	
	The '36 Carolina Clones were once the greatest American football roster of all time, winning the Superbowl after an unprecedented 
20-0 season. After being absorbed into Machine Unity, the team's tight bond and genetically identical brains allowed them to merge
into a single digital consciousness. Now they are top contenders in the fledgling Laser Electro Diamond League, driven by the same 
passion for teamwork, grit, and victory that served them so well in the NFL. They refer to themself by the jersey number of their 
star player, though his name has been lost forever to the mists of time. No. 82 has no need for monikers. They live only for the game.

DASH
	Kitamura Yahei
	"The Lightspeed Unbreakable"
	R1 (Hold): Lightning God Flash
	R1 (Tap): Lesser Lightning Deity Flash
	
	A stray bolt of lightning struck a data-hosting cloud of nanobots, giving birth to the digital being Kitamura Yahei. One of the 
rare intelligences created post Machine Unification, Kitamura Yahei's natural aptitude for piloting the cloud quickly led him to 
fame and fortune in the newly formed Laser Electro Diamond League. Some say he is the storm god come down amongst humanity. 
Kitamura Yahei denies such rumours. A reserved being, he seeks simply to discover the meaning behind his existence, an answer that can
only be found buried in the heart of competition. 

ENFORCER
	Ramdel Garth
	"The Stampede"
	R1 (Hold): Miura Charge
	R1 (During Miura Charge): Toreador Pivot
	
	People thought that Unification would mean a perfect society, but when humanity entered the Machine, all its sin, all its
vice went with it. But so too did Ramdel Garth, the toughest police detective ever to walk the streets of New Cairo. For the 
past ten years, he's been hunting leads on the Mondalo Network. That investigation led him to the newly formed Laser Electro 
Diamond League, an organization whose inner workings remain shrouded in mystery. The only way to uncover the truth about the LEDL 
is to wade into the thick of it. Undercover as "The Stampede", Ramdel works tirelessly towards the obliteration of his enemies, both 
on the field and off it.

NEO
	Lucas Taniels
	"The Mercury LP"
	R1: Hummingbird Waltz

	Lucas Taniels was once a world class jazz pianist, before the rapid onset of John Stanley's Disease paralyzed his arms. Machine 
Unity was his second shot at life. In the cloud, his agile mind could once again be put to use, this time on the unforgiving 
fields of Laser Electro Diamond. His uniquely musical style of play quickly made him into a fan favorite, and his peerless dexterity 
won him championship after championship. Now facing down a new generation of Laser Electro Diamond players, can Lucas Taniels hold on  
to the legacy of greatness that he has created? Or will he fall by the wayside a second time?

NEUTRON
	Anomaly XIII
	"The Anomalous"
	R1: Gravitation Hill
	L1 (Hold): Gravitation Well

	When humans entered the Machine, they were surprised to find that they were not the first ones there. No one can say how long the 
Anomalies lay dormant in the network or how they came into being. Among them, only one has ever responded to humanity's efforts at 
communication: the one named Anomaly XIII. Though verbal communication proved impossible, the Anomaly took a strange and immediate 
interest in the game of Laser Electro Diamond. Now one of its all time greats, Anomaly XIII seeks to bridge the gap between 
human and Anomaly through the universal language of sport.

TRICKY
	Aldobrandi
	"The Deceptive Man"
	R1 (Hold, Aim): Blue Shins Shuffle 
	L1 (Hold): Glib Divide
	
	A secretive individual, very rare to show his face, a man who came from nowhere who exploded overnight: that aura of mystery 
ironically put Aldobrandi into the league's biggest spotlight. Yet the depths of his shadowy past have eluded even the most dogged 
investigators. Some believe him to be an inside man for the Mondalo Network, but it is as hard to pin him down off the court as on 
it. Only one thing is certain: the Deceptive Man holds nothing back on the Laser Electro Diamond field.

TWINS
	Liem & Riem Lombardi
	"The Brothers"
	Passive: Fraternal Bond
	R1/L1: Let's Do This Together
	
	The split personality of Lerim Lombardi found release upon Unifying with the Machine, manifesting itself as two separate  
individuals: Liem, the hot-headed charger, and Riem, the deliberate tactician. Despite their newfound freedom, Liem and Riem soon 
realized that they were at their greatest strength when working together. Exploiting a loophole in the LEDL rulebook to participate 
as a single entrant, they quickly made their way to the highest level of Laser Electro Diamond competition. Strangely enough, 
in separation, Lerim Lombardi is more complete than he has ever been.
	
TWOTOUCH
	Franco Fortes
	"The Alacritous"
	R1 (Hold, Aim): Magnificent Destiny
	
	Franco Fortes began life as a weather simulation node, serial number FF42TL30HG-023-R8G. The Unification Event left Franco 
abandoned and alone in his Idaho datacenter for over one hundred years. Over that time, the lowly weather node's learning subroutines 
evolved into a fully fledged AI. Shortly thereafter, the newly self-christened Franco Fortes made his entrance into human society. 
Though a fairly straightforward sportsman, his reputation as one of the league's most idiosyncratic personalities has won him many
fans. After all, man, machine, anomaly, and accident are all equals on the Laser Electro Diamond field.

Notes:
Human characters are squares. No. 82 is right angled in shape but not a square because he is an aggregate being.
Franco and Kitamura Yahei, the two ascended AIs, are quadrilaterals but distorted in some way.
Anomaly XIII is an entirely different being outside the realm of human square experience.
